Life is so precious. If you make a cut or
 a prick on the body of any human being 
you realise that all human beings young 
and old have blood that's similar in 
colour. Safety of all human beings 
is paramount. Particularly we need to 
seriously guard safety of our children. 
Children are so naive and they are 
therefore prone to serious dangers as they
grow. Mothers, nannies and baby sitters 
must therefore take great care to protect
them against the various dangers that 
surround them. 
During their tender age,they are very
curious about everything that's in the
surrounding. They are attracted by all and
everything. This is perhaps because of the
beautiful colours that various objects 
possess.
The dangers that children face may be of
different kinds. They may range from those 
caused by themselves to those caused by 
others.The first kind includes suffocation, 
drowning, getting serious burns, bone 
fractures and dislocations, swallowing of 
 poisonous substances, putting objects in
 their ears, noses and eyes, being hit by
 moving vehicles and animals, falling from
 high places, being bitten or stung by 
small animals among others.
 



